We’re in Tensator’s offices
in Lisbon, Portugal
launching the Fingernails 2 Go nail art kiosk.
The kiosk was brought about through the demand
of the beauty and cosmetic industry for nail art
which has boomed
and exceeded lipstick sales
and every other type of
cosmetics in the industry.
The Fingernails 2 Go kiosk provides
nail art within two seconds of printing.
The range of designs can be thousands
upon thousands on the nail art kiosk.
You can also bring your own USB and
download a picture to put onto your nails.
The challenge was finding a partner
to work in conjunction with
to build a kiosk,
a printer which would print to the exact
shape of the fingernail within seconds.
Time was always of the
essence in the printing.
So, in conjunction
with Tensator and HP,
we are now able to produce
this nail art within seconds.
One of our main challenges that
we had to overcome was the ink.
The ink needed to comply
with regulations across the globe.
Normal ink and normal cartridges
wouldn’t have complied with the regulations.
With Tritron we’ve managed
to produce a formula of ink
that complies with every regulation; European,
FDA and suits every country in the globe.
We are doing all kinds of inkjet inks
for all kinds of different technologies.
In particular we are doing inkjet inks
for thermal inkjet HP technology.
We were called by HP
and they asked us if we would be capable of
developing a special inkjet ink set for nail printing.
Since we are used to doing food grading,
we felt very comfortable to do that.
It has been a very interesting
project I have to say.
The main challenge for printing
on nails is the regulations;
the different regulations of the cosmetic
industry all around the globe.
Tensator is a global solution provider
for the customer journey across all sectors
providing solutions for appointment
booking systems, queue management,
delivering efficiency, profitability
and revenue for all of our clients.
We use HP thermal inkjet
technology in a number of ways.
Mostly we use it for our
multi-service machines
where we have an application for self service
where we want to print out a coupon
or a booking confirmation
for an appointment.
So, a really good example of our application of
HP TIJ Technology is in our Fingernails 2 Go machine.
Working closely with HP for this
particular project has been very interesting.
We’ve had to work together as a team
and involve different stakeholders
from various parts of the HP and Tensator
business to really move this innovation along.
It’s taken great creativity from the team,
sometimes a lot of faith,
but we’ve all worked together very well.
We are very excited about
this innovative product
that allows the user to come and have their
fingernails painted using HP TIJ 4.0 technology.
We have worked very closely with HP to deliver
what is a very unique and exciting proposition.
I think it’s never been done before.
So, we are all very excited
about this new application.
The Fingernails 2 Go kiosk can print
natural nails or artificial nails.
It’s a very simple process.
We have a kit for
both types of printing.
In the natural nail pack you get
a BS code, you get a base coat
and then we print your nail
and put the top coat on.
In the artificial kit,
you get two sets of these
and you just simply put
them into the machine
and they print directly
onto them in two seconds.
You then top coat them and dry them.
It lasts up to ten days.
The kiosk is very simple to use.
Pick an image.
Add it to your selection.
Hit “next”.
Are you ready to go?
Yes, let’s go.
Because we're using natural nails, we should pick 'Natural Nail Pack'.
The carriage comes out to draw your finger in
and we hit "next step"
Hit print.